Let's bring up the man, the game master, Spencer Crittenden, everybody.
And the mayor of Harmontown, Dan Harmon.
Yo, yo, yo, yo, yo, yo, yo, my beats are cold, my mama is old, still went to bed with her yesterday.
Yo, I fucked your, what am I, I don't even, kind of lost already.
Fucked my own mom.
Your heart's not even in it.
Yeah.
I thought I misheard you, but yeah, you were fucking your own mom.
If you could fuck anybody's mom, like think of it throughout history.
Whose mom would you fuck?
Alright.
Yours.
Yo, Ben Franklin's mom was out on the lawn when he was flying his kite, but I brought her indoors.
I said, who needs electricity when we're fucking?
I don't know.
Yeah, I just, it doesn't really, I think.
What if you could get fucked by anybody's mom?
Let's say the mom was doing the fucking on you.
You're like famous moms.
A famous mom just chose you.
You're the target.
Yo, Mrs. Whistler, why are you fucking me so hard?
It's only one famous mother ever.
Alright, let's cut it.
We're not going to, the only thing worse than a low energy show is a forced resistance to a low energy show with a terrible rap.
I can't believe you only think there's only one famous mother.
Name another famous mother.
Mrs. Doubtfire.
The original.
Mrs. C from Happy Days.
Alright.
Start the beat again, and let's say you're getting fucked by Mrs. Cunningham from Happy Days, or you're fucking anybody in Happy Days.
Hit the beat.
Wait, I'm...
Dan, don't fight me on this.
I'm Mrs. Cunningham.
C-U-N-N-I-G-I-G-H-A-M.
Say it again.
Spell it one more time.
Mrs. Cunningham.
C-U-N-N-I-G-I-H-G-I-G-I-M.
I make a stunning ham for Thanksgiving.
I make more than that.
I'm always in the kitchen with a clit the size of a bat.
It might be a penis.
I might have a dick when we're getting to that size.
And I don't know why I'm...
Are you saying that Marion Ross has a clit the size of a bat?
No, it's the character.
Or the character of Mrs. Cunningham.
Yeah.
Alright.
We've had enough like that.
Thank you.
We've had enough.
The rap's not getting better as the suggestions get harder.
It kinda was.
Alright, now do it.
No, I'm not saying we should continue, but that was great.
That was fucking...
That was inflammatory.
Yeah, it got bad.
It got problematic.
When I'm at this energy level,
we don't wanna like force me to do tricks
because then I'm gonna end up like...
I'll say the n-word before the night's over.
I'm so tired.
I don't have any resistance.
The whole point of the genre is to break boundaries.
I know, but it's not...
No, no.
That's what you said before I played the Chevy Chase voicemail.
That just didn't help anyone.
What I said before I played the Chevy Chase voicemail
was, Dan, do you want to play it off my phone?
Because I can plug it in over here.
You guys didn't have plugs back then.
Come on.
So anyways...
Oh, okay.
I mean, there's nothing to get to.
There's no show to do.
I was thinking we might play D&D for like two hours tonight.
Let's do it.
I'm just not feeling...
You know, part of it is the video game brain.
Like, I was playing...
I was having a good time at home.
I played video games.
I played Star Wars Battlefront.
Oh, yeah.
I was thinking about that one.
So good, man.
It's really fun.
Oh, yeah.
It reminds me...
What was the name?
You're probably too young even to remember.
Like, yeah.
There was an original...
There was like a game that was...
I think it was Dark Forces,
where you're like a dude that's like a Jedi.
You're not Luke Skywalker,
but you're just like this dude that's a Jedi.
And there's like...
Say what?
Kyle Katarn.
Oh, Kyle Katarn is the name of the dude.
Is it Force Rising?
Yeah, it was like a...
It was like one of my first PC games,
and it was like on a CD-ROM,
and it had like all this shitty video...
Excuse me.
Video footage of like, you know,
actors that were probably getting like $300 to be covered
in prosthetics against green screens,
and like come out,
and like the cutscenes were all video.
That was a special era in gaming.
But it was a really good game,
because it was like...
I think that was like the first time you ever got to like,
in a first-person shooter from Lucasfilm,
you were like using a lightsaber,
and you were like leveling up these force powers.
So, this game is...
It's not...
The focus isn't on that,
or as I only played like the first third of it or something,
like, but you're like this woman
who's a special forces stormtrooper.
It's really cool.
It's just the gameplay is like a really nice balance
of like you can just dick around
and like jump and fucking shoot,
and like it just splits the perfect difference
between like games where like Wolfenstein 2,
like I'm 44, so I just opened Wolfenstein 2,
and I was like,
I played a couple levels,
and I'm like this is cool,
but it's not...
I'm never going to enjoy this game,
because it's just going to be like running and gunning,
and I'm never going to be good,
and I'm always going to be bummed out and anxious.
And then there's,
on the other side of the spectrum,
there's like games that are so role-play
that you're just like walking around,
having conversations with people,
and you kind of get bored,
but like right in the middle there,
it's really nice, really good gameplay.
You just like...
I like those,
I like those shooters where like you,
you touch the left trigger,
and if you're close enough to the person's head,
it like zooms in on their head,
and you shoot them in the head.
This probably has an inappropriate time
in our nation's history to be...
No, it's great.
But I mean, I should probably...
I should probably wait six days
and play the market,
and hope that we're seven days from a mass shooting.
Yeah, no shootings will happen.
But anyways,
it's a really good game.
Battlefront 2, I recommend it.
What platform is it on?
I'm playing it on my Xbox.
I don't know what it's all on.
And then another game that I saw,
I stayed up all night playing that,
and then the game that I played all day today
was Portal Knights.
Have you heard of Portal Knights?
No.
It's like somebody looked at Minecraft and thought,
this isn't...
Portals.
This isn't comfy enough.
It's like a very polished,
like, adventure-y RPG kind of Minecraft thing.
Oh yeah, okay.
That's cool.
I got sucked in pretty hard.
And so because I had a good time playing video games today,
it does something to your brain,
like it fucks up your alpha waves or something.
You never play video games like that,
but you hate that.
The only games I really liked was the first-person shooter,
like historical ones, like Call of Duty's
and Medal of Honor's and stuff.
You'd love Battlefront.
Battlefront?
Yeah.
Battlefront.
Here's the thing that's great about the Star Wars games,
when they're done right.
There's a bunch of shitty ones,
because there's a bunch of Lucasfilm games,
but the really good ones, it's so cool.
Just having the John Williams score playing
while you're playing a shooter,
and especially if it's a good enough game
that it kind of...
It comes in and out.
Well, it uses the music to...
When you aggro a stormtrooper,
it turns into a little...
Yeah.
And then you finish shooting all the stormtroopers
in the area, and it kind of just very gracefully
goes into this more wistful...
You know, I've been playing chess with friends.
Oh, I've been seeing some of your moves.
Chess with friends?
Yeah, it's like words with friends, but it's chess.
And I was at the drawing room, and a cat comes up to me,
and he goes, he saw me sitting there
playing chess with somebody else, like on my phone.
And he's a Harmontown fan.
His name escapes me.
His name is, like, online, something like Cap Slap,
or Slappy Clappy.
Slapping Cap.
And I'm going to beat that motherfucker.
I was playing that for a little bit,
but it just takes so long.
It's like chess by mail.
Well, yeah, it depends on your playing.
Some people play really fast, you know,
but I don't want to have to play, like,
speed chess with somebody.
Yeah, for sure.
Yeah.
I would need it to be a zero-sum speed chess.
Even if I could remember how all the horsies move,
like, which I can't, I would have to have it be speed chess,
and I would always lose.
But I would at least need the excuse to, like, make a move.
Right.
Because my understanding of chess is, like,
well, theoretically, you could sit there forever.
Like, so why wouldn't you?
Like, chess freaks me out.
Well, the people I play tend to, like,
a few of the people I play are from the drawing room,
and so I can tell when somebody's drunk when they're playing me
because they make a bullshit move,
and they also know when I'm drunk
and I've made a bullshit move.
And sometimes I go, I want to win this one.
I'm going to go to sleep,
and I'm going to play them in the morning.
And it's improving my brain.
Damn.
I mean, a note of anything at all.
My contentment and also my kind of, like,
you know, it's part contentment and part, like,
I just don't like the world anymore.
I don't trust people.
I don't have faith in humanity anymore.
So I kind of just, let's see if I did bother
to write anything down throughout the week.
I can feel the subscriptions dropping,
which is fine.
That's democracy.
When you said Mrs. C's clip was the size of a bat,
were you talking about baseball bat,
like Louisville Slugger,
or were you talking about, like, a fruit bat?
A vampire bat?
No, no.
I meant a stick, a big, long stick.
That's pretty big.
Let's say you were on a date with Mrs. Cunningham,
and you lifted up her skirt, and you saw her clip.
Would you rather it be the size of a baseball bat,
or did you want her to look exactly like a vampire bat?
I don't want.
I mean, I don't know if this is going to go over well.
I'm giving you a choice.
I don't want, if you're a woman, listener, subscriber,
and you have an enlarged clitoris,
I don't want you to, I'm not,
you should feel good about yourself.
I have all kinds of things about my body
that you can take or leave,
but you're asking me the question.
I don't want a giant,
I don't want a clitoris that's bigger than my penis.
I'm a woman.
Would you be more credible?
That basically is a penis.
What if her clitoris looked like a bat?
Like a fruit bat, or a vampire bat.
It looked like a batman.
No, I mean, that would be crazy.
That would be distracting and crazy.
I'm giving you the choice.
I'm saying you got a point.
No, you're trying to help the show, but...
I'm trying to ask a journalistic question, Dan,
that I think a lot of people want to know the answer to.
What does Dan Harmon feel about baseball bat clits
or fruit bat clits?
Same way on both counts.
Just, you know what?
As politically unfashionable as it is right now,
I'll just go ahead and say it
because I'm being asked the question.
Anomalous clitoris?
All right, give me a beat.
Yo.
Zach, put it...
I got high hopes for this one.
Yo.
Right about now,
it's time for Anomalous Clitoris.
Bring him to the stage.
Hello?
I'm Anomalous Clitoris.
I'm here to say I'm making a big scene today.
I'm a new kind of rapper that you've never seen.
Anomalous Clitoris is not where you've been
and if you don't like things that are new
then you need to step aside
because the world's getting smaller
and the clitoris is getting wide.
Anomalous, a clitoris,
it's not the clitoris that you can predict,
but that's why the price of this is...
Thank you.
I just felt like Anomalous Clitoris
is a good 2018 rap name.
I still can't find Balder Dash cards.
I was looking for weeks.
You know, if you did want
rap to be good,
there's a person in the empty warehouse
that's just visiting
who you played their rap a couple of episodes ago.
Are you talking about Rob Tanchum?
He did the Fuck Your Mama rap
that we kind of applauded.
Yeah, it's a big hit.
And he came out and he visited.
I don't want to spoil too much,
but we laid down some tracks with him.
We don't know what we're doing.
Can we say what those tracks are?
Should we keep those a secret?
It seemed like it's so important.
I just would say...
I don't think it blows it to say...
he felt the need or the compulsion
to write a Pringles Dick rap.
Yeah, well, he's kind of a...
he's a really good rap writer.
And he wrote a giraffe rap that knocks my socks off.
And it was on assignment,
which I don't respond well to people going,
like, well, why don't you make it about this?
But he was in town,
and I was doing a different thing.
We're going to be putting out a little tape.
That's a tease.
I'll tease it that much.
And so I had said to Mr. Tangem,
who's visiting,
if you did have any kind of
lyrical thoughts about giraffes,
love them, hate them,
maybe you are a giraffe,
then you're like, we could maybe slide you into this
other stupid thing that I'm doing.
What I'm doing is not that brilliant.
It's just for fans of the podcast.
It might be a little treat.
Should we bring him up?
Let's bring Rob Tanchum up.
Rob Tanchum to the stage, please.
Everybody, meet Rob.
Hello, Rob.
So like a consummate rapper, Dan,
you've developed a crew that you now roll with,
and he's in it, right? Is that correct?
I guess he's part of your crew.
You're rolling deep.
Would you say you have a posse now?
I don't know. It's hard to say,
because I don't know that what I do is really,
I'm kind of a performance artist still, I think.
I haven't taken pen to paper ever.
Rob went back to where he's staying.
I wanted to say hotel,
but that's factually inaccurate.
You're staying with a friend.
But that's the time frame.
On day one of his visit,
I was like, why don't you, if you want to write
like a giraffe verse,
maybe we can record that tomorrow,
because we'll both be in the studio.
And then he went home and then he came back
and he had all kinds of shit, including this,
and we did record it,
but I thought it would be, since we have the beat,
do we have the beat?
If you're prepared to wrap it,
since, why not offset my particularly bad evening
for me freestyle-wise with, look,
if good rap is what you want.
I think you're being too hard on yourself, Dan.
I think because we don't have the live audience here,
you don't get that feedback from...
I think the people right now
are shouting at their laptops.
That's not true.
Some of his best rapping has been recently.
But this wasn't it?
This wasn't bad, but certainly not the heights.
It's video games, I think,
fry the part of your brain that you used to rap, kids.
I'm not a doctor.
I don't play video games.
Don't play video games.
That's your secret.
But you also don't really freestyle.
I mean, we don't...
I mean, it's not your...
No, I practiced earlier in case, you know,
there was a need to freestyle.
I wanted to, like, exercise that muscle beforehand,
because we never got to...
Let's do that, then.
Well, let's do it.
Because we talked about trading fours,
because we were in the booth at the same time.
We did an improv, but we never freestyle together.
So I was just ready for it.
I don't want to, you know...
I think that...
I'd like the kids to hear your giraffe rap, I think.
Yeah.
Would you do the same thing that you did?
Zach, you got that beat?
No.
I'm not going to, because I don't want to step on it.
I just want people to listen.
And you don't worry about performance.
Just eat the mic and make sure they hear your delicious lyrics
that you wrote overnight having been assigned
the task of writing about giraffes.
Yeah, because Dan has a long, weird relationship with...
I would say love hate, but just hate hate on giraffes.
No, I hate giraffes.
You hate giraffes.
Yeah.
Can I adopt that for this one?
Well, because there's an existing track of you doing...
A giraffe rap.
Giraffe rap.
Well, I don't want to ruin your giraffe rap, eating a leaf.
Yeah.
You know, reaching real high to get up to my tree.
You can listen to it in the archives.
Yeah, and it's actually one of the more awkward freestyles
I've ever done, because I rhymed Darwin with hard win.
That's great.
Which is very funny.
And you could have said Harmon.
Harmon, yeah.
I could have said Harmon.
You could have said...
Did you just shit your pants?
No, I committed to not finishing the sentence.
All right, well, let's just at you when you feel ready.
Now, how about this?
Can I make a picture?
Because you're going to do your rap.
Sure.
When it's done, like when your rap is through, Dan, why don't you go into some extemporaneous
freestyle giraffe?
Well, I'll tell you the answer is because obviously, as we've established, I'm not really on my
game tonight.
Well, so...
Look, I'm not saying that if you do a bad job, the show is going to end.
Okay, but let's just...
I'm giving you an opportunity.
Let's just do the thing we said we were going to do.
Well, let's simplify it.
Instead of data, you can rap about clitoris.
Okay.
Yes.
And a Russian accent.
Okay.
It's going to be great.
As long as we just keep pimping me, it'll become a great show.
I will become talented.
He's working.
I will become enthusiastic.
My brain chemistry will completely change if we just keep making me do stuff.
All right.
I agree.
Let's...
When you're ready, you cue him, and then let's listen to this.
Yo.
And then in the track, there's a lot of...
Rob Tanchum.
That's very exciting to me.
Okay.
Yo.
Yeah.
Giraffe rap.
Rapping giraffe facts.
Interested in info on giraffes?
Well, I have that.
Fuck what you heard.
Drafts are the worst.
Hopefully one day they will be purged from the earth.
No one's ever seen a giraffe go swimming.
It's a legitimate draft fact.
No kidding.
If you chew a bath, the giraffe won't get it.
And bunch of tall assholes don't know what they're missing.
Tend a whole goddamn day eating leaves.
80 pounds worth to fulfill the dietary needs.
No time for hobbies.
No skis or trophies.
No leisurely evenings.
No reason to be.
Barely even sleep.
Ten minute intervals.
Standing straight up.
Straight up imbeciles.
Only vertebrate species that can't gong.
When they're all gone, I'm a feel invincible.
Drink water once every few days.
Learning draft facts fills my veins with rage.
They're not like me.
I don't like that.
Drafts aren't human.
Drafts can't write drafts.
Drafts make no sound.
Not because they can, but because they choose not to.
What?
That's a fact I found.
Fuck a smug herbivores.
If I could, I would fight you.
Fuck giraffes.
All right.
Thank you.
Big clitorises.
Anomalous clitoris.
Take it over.
If you see a horse with a very long neck.
Anomalous clitoris is now on deck.
I'm a zookeeper of science.
I drop it mad and I don't know why it's so hard to have a foot this big.
Check out my rig.
It's an 18 wheel truck.
Anomalous clitoris is hard to fuck.
You don't know where to put your wiener when the clitoris is far less leaner.
Can we stop?
I was just making the joke.
It's just not the right time in our nation's history.
It's not the right time.
You really ran with it more than I expected.
You're a real sport and that should be commended.
Yeah.
How about those shirts?
Are you saying that it's a real giraffe fact that giraffes can make sounds but they
choose not to?
This is the phrasing of it.
Giraffes don't make sounds.
I did a Google perusing but giraffes don't make sounds.
Not because they can't but because they choose not to.
It's infuriating.
They have the capacity to make.
They have vocal cords that could make a sound.
I guess according to discovery kids or discovery adults or whatever fact.
I go to discovery kids for all of my facts.
They have the capacity to make a noise but they're like why?
I'm a fucking giraffe.
What am I going to do?
Say hey there's some leaves over here?
They have no reason to make any noise because they have to because they require, I rounded
up to 80 for the lyric but it was 75 or over pounds of food a day and because they're eating
leaves and their drafts they have to spend all day eating so there's nothing else.
They don't have a reason.
They can't waste those calories on talking shit.
They got to eat those leaves.
I've never asked myself this question.
Giraffes I'm assuming they're like in the same biomes, biomes that I'm assuming their
predators are like big cats like your Puma's and your Jaguar's.
People only fuck with the young giraffes because the big giraffes will just kung fu.
They'll kick the fuck out of you.
Do you know that?
There's videos where they kick.
I think giraffes will kick.
So if a tiger sees a giraffe or a lion they'll go like wow.
They don't fuck with a full grown giraffe even a pack of them.
The giraffe will A. outrun them.
Outrun them?
No they're fast.
They're fastest shit.
And if they kick you you're done.
They'll break your jaw.
You can't eat anymore.
You're a dead tiger or a dead lion rather.
If they fucking give you one karate chop with one of their hoofs you've just located
something and you can't operate anymore.
So the big cats know not to fuck with a full grown giraffe.
Well now we know why they don't choose to make sounds.
I mean they're like the Winston Churchill's of their bodies made of big sticks.
Right.
Well if the body was made of big sticks.
They would speak even more than softly.
Or would they be allowed to speak more softly because they're just one.
They're always carrying.
There's four giants.
Oh have you seen them fight?
The rest of the Churchill put it says speak softly carry a big stick and it's dot dot dot.
And if your body's made of giant sticks don't speak at all.
Have you seen them fucking fight each other?
They just go like.
They wank.
It's called necking.
It's crazy.
They club each other.
And Churchill I think you pointed out to me that they have the same amount of vertebrae.
They have the same.
They have seven vertebrae.
They're just.
In their necks.
They're just long ass vertebrae.
They're like extravert.
Extravertebrae.
If Schrab was here he'd launch a whole comic book.
There's a giraffe with eight vertebrae in his neck and like dies.
Not to remove the joy from my hatred of giraffes which is just you know like it's because it's
obviously it's like that's the thing that we learn about in evolution is like that's
that's an illustration of Darwinian evolution is that you slowly get along your neck.
And it's like not how humans roll like we didn't we didn't our bodies didn't morph to
suit our surroundings.
We we became we became hackers of the environment.
Maybe trees I mean maybe trees got taller because of other animals like the trees and
the giraffes were meeting each other.
That's just one reason why you don't want to go the long neck root.
I like like don't don't play footsie with Mother Earth.
Like fucking get down to roll up your sleeves.
She's been trying to kill you for fucking eight billion years man fucking take a piece.
I'm not a conservative.
I'm not saying drill baby drill.
Who do you think is the most efficient animal in the animal kingdom.
You're obviously not giraffes but who is the most efficient animal.
Who is the most Darwinian efficient design.
Well I'm supposed to say cockroach because they survived the nuclear whatever but but
I mean forgetting about that nuclear holocaust thing which I don't know how much of that
is apocryphal or whatever you call it.
I feel like ants are yeah because they they're they're basically dirt that moves.
They they they've combined individual life form and colony and and and and yes through
the colonial technique like they it doesn't matter if one of them dies and yet they just
don't know it's it's kind of amazing what they do those little guys.
That's an interesting answer in comparison to drafts because one of the draft facts that
I learned is that they have no societal hierarchy or structure or anything.
They're the opposite of ants.
They're just they're they're they're free form.
Oh man.
I knew this was going to happen if we start if I actually ever researched drafts I knew
I would fall in love with them.
I have I have one big one that they sound like the dolphin of the desert.
I think that I think that's what I can't.
I didn't want to episode title.
It didn't make it into the rap but there's a very interesting one was that before mating
a female giraffe will urinate into the male drafts mouth.
How does he get down there?
I don't know.
It's got a long neck.
Well because they're all these things where they can't reach the ground.
They can't really sit.
But that's that's part of it and I didn't want to I didn't want to bring it in into
a negative context.
The female giraffe peas in the male drafts mouth.
Yeah.
And that's courtship.
Oh yeah.
Yeah baby.
Yeah I think it's to taste fertility taste fertile giraffes taste fertility.
She said she said welcome to flavor country.
She's saying I'm ready.
Let me pee in your mouth and taste whether or not you want to fuck me.
I mean that definitely is like the opposite of ants.
Right.
Because it's like there's no there's no power dynamic there.
I mean we think well whoever's getting their mouth peed in is on bottom.
But I mean first of all these are giraffes.
No one's on bottom.
There's no bottom.
They get their heads like in the clouds.
But but but it's also like like wait so she it's it's it's the down and drinks for
pee.
I didn't see a diagram.
I didn't see any type of pill.
Does she pee in a puddle and he laps up the puddle.
Yeah she pees in a puddle and he laps it up for real.
No that's stupid.
I'm assuming that she said she jet that it jets like it goes up.
He doesn't even bend down that it's like what's like a ping pong.
It goes that far up.
She can shoot pee in the air.
Well what I love about that is it's all voluntary.
Everything has agency.
Every the guy the girl.
She's just like yeah don't mind me.
But if anyone's interested like like like check out what's for sale.
Look I choose not to talk.
I'm not a man with words.
I you know like let's just simplify things pee in my mouth.
Let me taste whether or not.
And then you can like wander by and like take a slurp like it's from in Milwaukee what
we call a bubbler and and you sip it and then you go like good morning Margaret and
then you just keep walking like she's not offended.
You know like if you're not into it.
If you're like you know what I I'm going to if I was a female giraffe and peed in some
but some gentleman's mouth and he just walked by I'd be very offended.
I would say well what's my peas not good enough for you.
Well how do you go back and get nervous.
I would leave the room and like I would pee in the mouth because I walked in on you peeing.
You did.
You did and I did get I admitted to you being a peeshaw and I stopped peeing.
I was I he was already peeing in the urinal at star burns I went into the stall the stall.
Yeah.
Peed came out and you were kind of like and you but you walked in you said excited to
hear that giraffe rap.
Yeah I said I said hello how do you do I thought you were either mid or post pee.
And then I was washing my hands and you were bravely admitted.
I did that thing where I didn't pee because you scared me when you walked in.
Here's what I like about the pee tasting design sexually as a courtship ritual.
There is no I'm saying like it's happening behind her.
She's peeing it's she's she's facing this way.
So is it you just pee and then whoever's behind you just takes it takes a taste like
they're at a wine party.
You think the guy sneak attack pee tasting or is she peeing.
She said hey come over here I want to pee in your mouth.
Well I don't.
This is.
I'm picturing a jet of pee so I don't think I'd be surprised.
He said the female peas in the male's mouth.
We all thought the same thing.
How is that even physically possible they're giraffes.
So then I went to well maybe it's like a jet coming out of her nether is like going arcing
into the air and then it made me think of like a garden hose like at a fun party where
like it doesn't matter.
There's enough for everyone and like and that and that and that that way like there could
be like several males like walking by and they just like take a nibble you know of it.
Like maybe that's just say let's say I'm designing a perfect species here.
I'm not I don't know what giraffes do.
We're almost there like like like the woman peas in a in a giant arc and if you don't
want to get peed on you don't go near there.
Yeah but also I don't think in this species culture there's a lot of P phobia but but
but you if you're in the vicinity of a woman who's peeing you you walk through it like
a sprinkler.
You can pretend you didn't taste anything that's not offensive to her.
You just walk through it and go tap of the morning Sheila and but if it's you know if
you if you get something on your tongue that's like she's she is like dropping a thousand
eggs today.
I don't know how you measure fertility.
She is fecund and then and then and you're like you know and I'm kind of I'm a little
riled up myself truth be told and then you circle around and you say Sheila you're you're
positively glowing today.
Your urine is on my face.
It tastes like you're you'd make a baby giraffe without me.
Want to make one with me.
I'm assuming then she goes she can say yes or no and it's just like it's checks and balances
you know we wouldn't have any of these problems and then if if if if he is just perfecting
the species if she rebukes him she's like I'd rather be with Stanley than you Donald.
The guy could go all right and he can block her exit and jerk off into a potted plant.
That's the perfect species.
Just to just to psychologically torture her and then we're done perfect.
I'm kidding.
Jesus Christ.
Everybody's laughing at every other dumb fucking thing.
I'm sorry.
I looked it up.
It's definitely an act.
It's not like a but there's a picture.
There's a church has footage of giraffes being on people.
Like a bubbler.
That almost looks like a giraffe drinking its own pee.
How bendy are those necks?
It's like they're drinking.
It's got to be so tired.
It's like in the Lion King where everyone's around the watering hole and all the different
you know and then there's the drafts and they bend down and drink out of the communal just
they bend down.
I haven't seen it.
Lion King.
That's the main part of it.
It's mostly about giraffes.
So a giraffe sees a male giraffe sees a female giraffe taking a pee.
No it's it's a it's a it's a it's a ritual.
It's a ritual.
It's like rubbing a neck.
So when they're courting she's like all right hey do yourself a favor get get around here
get around the back end of this action.
What the fuck can pee on you.
Every other species is like it's like somebody's just you know like like somebody's just you
know being coerced.
Yeah.
I like sprinkler pee.
So are you on team giraffe now or I like the way they do some stuff.
I like that they stomp tigers.
I like that they're an herbivore that tigers are afraid of.
You know maybe the lions or maybe that long neck ain't so dumb.
Yeah.
I mean they whack each other like they really hurt each other by just swinging their giant
ass head.
They're like I forgot how much they weighed.
I mean that really did learn some giraffe facts.
They're those are fatal fatal blows.
They're like I'm going to say like they're 70 pound necks.
They're crazy.
But that's not the right number.
But they must get like neck problems all the time you'd think right.
Like if they're whacking people with their necks like that would knock your vertebrae
out of alignment you'd think.
But also they have good posture.
They're not like staring down at screens.
Right.
They were for a while.
They're not like in drama club.
You know they have reasons to.
I'm not going to jump the shark of starting to like giraffes.
But.
So you've softened your stance on giraffes maybe a little bit.
Well I just saying you respect your enemy.
Like whoa.
And I just the important thing is that you know the reason I come down on giraffes is
because people I think there's an unspoken assumption that human beings because they
don't have long necks and they don't eat really high leaves and they don't live in the
desert they don't walk around and they don't have animal print like style like that because
that because of that like we're some kind of horrible species that like deserves to die
and well we're killing the planet.
Come on we're we're pretty amazing.
We're like little little monkey robots like we're great.
We we we took a different route.
We're like hey listen like what am I going to be the perfect squirrel.
No I was he become an ape and then and then like you know we represent the branch of DNA
that's like just kept just kept kept doubling down on fucking insanity.
You know just going like why don't you just fucking be Howard Hughes about it.
Just show me the blueprints baby.
And and and that's that's a proud proud legacy.
Which is stands on like like a bird like a bird bird.
Yeah I don't I don't I don't admire them.
Oh you don't know they have the gift of flight then.
A gift or the free cookie of flight that was laying on the table that no one wanted to eat.
Evolution they they they they they built feathers over over time they turned from lizards into
into feathered creatures that could fly.
Yeah but look how many birds there are.
Yeah like like it's so derivative like how many species like there's like five billion species of bird.
Right they're all like like like like like like like you know we've tuned it out because we evolved after them
so our eardrums don't bleed from listening to it but they're fucking garbage animals
like they're they're just constantly going like look out look out my name's Steve.
Wow wow hey over here check it out whoa whoa like like like they're they're insane.
We've become them now but but but like it's like I mean birds are just garbage.
What about like a like a noble like owl like just lives alone hunts at night and just does his thing and his head can swivel.
Crazy man.
I mean predatory birds are pretty kind of interesting because they're birds but they eat fucking mammals.
That's fucking cool.
That's berserk any any any animal any species that crosses back over like like fish that eat fucking people or birds or
spiders that eat like fish like like like like you gotta automatically go.
They're awesome just because they're just they're like Neo in the matrix like they're they're not even like that's pretty crazy.
If you're a fish and you eat a monkey like even though the monkey is my relative I got it.
I'm not I'm not like oh that monkey deserved it.
I'm not a victim blamer.
I'm just saying like that's a cool fish.
How do you feel about whales.
I don't I don't I get it.
You know I look you know they had legs and they bailed the whales had legs.
Yeah.
Whales were like I don't know hippos or something and then they went back into the ocean like they're like just can't do it.
Do they have vestigial hind legs.
I think they have yet.
You can see from the hip bones.
All right.
I mean they're mammals that live in the ocean.
Yeah.
Let's not Jeff please Jeff mammals.
Dolphins sea lions walruses.
You know these are these are these are these are mammals that spent some time enough time on land that they had they have shoulders and hips.
And then they then they went back into the ocean.
Why do you think they went back.
I mean there was too many birds.
I don't want to punch down but it's like I mean you said they gave up.
No they they went for they went for the brass ring.
Of course they gave up.
They went back to the where amoebas are.
They.
Yeah they gave up.
They went up there.
It's fucking crazy out here.
There's a son that fucking beats your ass all day long and it's fucking.
They might have just chose.
Water.
There's tigers.
There's giraffes peeing on each other.
I'd rather go back and swim.
Yeah.
I just you know how people go like oh dolphins.
So how do we know they're not like the best species ever because just because we can't
understand them because they squeak when they talk.
Well I'll tell you how we know because they were they were like dogs that bailed.
That's how we know they were on land.
They had a shot.
Dolphins are smarter than dogs.
Yeah.
I'm sure dolphins are smarter than a lot of things.
But you know what they're not smarter than us because they fucking like we stuck it out
man.
We're like all right.
Here we go.
I think a great time to climb a tree motherfucker.
What about what about like a fucking badass crocodile.
Like doesn't they have no enemies.
There's no there's no one above them in the food chain crocodiles and alligators.
You got to you got to give them props right because they're like basically dinosaurs.
They they're like they stuck it out.
They're like they're like your friend that listens to vinyl but like they but actually
has like a system that we're like actually I got to hand it to you.
You're not just jerking yourself off here like you this works like I can't get purple
purple people either on iTunes.
Yeah man.
You got it.
You know like like like when you have a friend that's like a vinyl hipster that's like you
actually can see the practicality in it.
But if you put a giraffe versus a crocodile.
Yeah.
Giraffes gonna win.
Cannot run him or but I'm not a violent.
I don't believe that what what's then sharks.
We should all love sharks.
Right.
Sharks are fucking dicks.
Sharks are the worst.
You don't like sharks.
No sharks are assholes.
Sharks are sharks are amoeba that just fucking like fucking voted for Trump at every like
evolutionary election.
They just they just turned into they just everybody was like like like the other amoeba were like
we're gonna become worms and tubes and the sharks are the ones that were like yeah but
wouldn't we need teeth to like eat and everyone's like okay cool you can do that but there's
no plants to eat and they're just like nah and then just like they just turned into giant
mouths that just float through the ocean.
What's the difference between you glorifying humans for sticking it out on land versus sharks
sticking it out in the water and perfecting being in the water.
Well I'm gonna say across the board if you're in the ocean you're a pussy.
Like I'm just saying like you're either.
That is a fucking hard stance.
I know well also I didn't want to this thing is like language fails me because it's like
anything like I'm trying I've been trying to like remove that from my vocabulary because
it's like it's you know like I used to I used to say fag and retard and stuff too and
like I had to like teach myself to like knock it off and like pussies like but it's hard
like I need like a you know I want to talk about it.
If you can go back in time and still use the words fag pussy and retard what are your
thoughts?
Let's put the n-word back on the table too.
Guys we are living it in a time when I can use all those words.
It's a choice.
That's the secret service didn't come to my house.
My doctor didn't tell me to cut down on the n-word.
I'm going to say the word giraffe and then I'm going to say fag pussy and retard and
then what you did not my doctor did tell me.
It's a new it's a new board game which I used to be in the nation biology classes everywhere
playing fag pussy and retard.
If you pay five dollars a month for subscription to Harmontown you can find out whether Dan
thinks giraffes are fags.
Wait but then we should make it a full fuck Mary kill and have three animals into and play
fag pussy retard.
I'm not I'm not I'm not subscribing.
I didn't say any of those words.
But all I'm saying is like if you're in the ocean.
You called all sea animals pussies.
I know I'm I've been biting my lip trying to think of like a way to say like I'm saying
like like you you're you're in the in the year if you're in the ocean the earth is 85%
water.
Okay.
So as we all know every human being is 85% moron like like like everything everything
is 85% garbage hack dumb 85% of all dentists suck at dentistry.
You know 85% of all comics are unfunny.
You know 85% of this podcast is this retarded like 85% of the planet is water 85% of our
body is watered.
It's like it's like yeah it's the default.
It's where we started.
Okay.
I'm a little I'm a little teapot here.
I'm called I'm an amoeba.
I'm like okay.
I got a organelle.
I got some ribosomes.
I'm going and then it's like yeah you have you have I forgive you because I am you.
I'm your great grandson amoeba like but but.
But the the amoeba that exists today right now the modern amoeba.
He was just born a couple days ago.
He's an idiot like he's a jerk.
His parents like we we are a part of the family that branched off like our DNA was assembled
by like you know risk takers like we're we're we're a we're a branch of the of the phenomenon
called living genetics.
We are the tentacle coming off of that one thing that is the tentacle that actually grabs
the brass ring.
All the other tentacles are like you know just for safety's sake why not stay in albino
cave fish.
Well I'll tell you why you can't you can't see anything it's ridiculous what about birds
birds came everything came from the sea and we haven't got to the air and they were descended
from like land reptiles they go fuck it I'm going to master the sky they were flying for
millions of years you know insects did that it's dumb spores do that oh I'm going to
force a great I'm going to fly through the air and land on shit I just think it's cooler
to be a lizard and then go up on two legs and like I mean it's just kind of neat kind
of cool kind of cool what we did we come out of the water we had we had to have like a
scuba tank lung full of water for a while so I learned to like got better lungs and
could breathe air like got was crawling got fur now this is where some of our cousins
got weird fur that turned into feathers and started flapping around I don't know what to
think about them you're talking about them like they're gods or angels I just don't I
just think that they're like your weird cousin you know the liberal arts major or something
I just I don't know whether to admire them or not I just don't I know well I'm saying
like I don't I don't I'm not like looking up at birds and going like fuck they really
nailed it because I just they have hollow bones you know that's why is that bad they
have brains the size of a of the head of a pin like they don't even I don't think they
know what they're doing honestly half the time I think you nailed it with what I immediately
imagined as like an inspirational motivational poster and an office setting with the dolphins
are dogs to gave up and just like a beautiful picture of dolphins yeah don't be a dolphin
beat the dog stick it out yeah so but here's the thing is big fans of my podcast already
know you've listened to 400 episodes of the show you know I subscribe to the Elaine Morgan
theory of of human evolution which is explains the fact that we're different from chimps
gorillas and orangutans in all the ways that dolphins sea lions walruses are different
from other mammals we have everything in common with dolphins and whatnot that we don't have
in common with our great great ape cousins and Elaine Morgan suggests that that's because
four million years ago we too flirted with the dolphin root just long enough to lose
our hair get blubbery fat and regulatable breathing upright vertical posture and then
for some reason fucking we toughed it up what have got back on that land and that's why
our story structure follows that one of dolphins dolphins kicked us out of the sea oh my god
like we were exiled to land or we or we got jealous of them like we saw we just they were
like hey you want to play and we're like oh yeah I think I forgot my phone and we were
just like petty abaticus or like that's the thing about the aquatic ape theory is that
that your early hominoids fled to the water's edge because it was full of giant animal I'm
not gonna lie if I'm playing the first person shooter of ancient earth yeah that's thoughts
gonna cross my head like let's why don't we stand in the ocean see if this tiger wants
to if a big ass saber to the tigers coming at you I go I can I can go paddle out and
think oh like oh there's food down here I can I can hold my breath for five seconds and
go get an abalone and oh this is giving me all these B vitamins and my brain expands
yeah and I come back out of the ocean and go oh I like I'm smarter now I can probably
make a weapon and kill these tigers but there was also the thing I why not just live in
the water and I can know because there's things worse than tigers in the ocean there's sharks
it could have I mean it could have just been ambition it could have been like okay let's
stay in the water but like you know see you later and the people that did stay in the
water were out hunted and there are there are people in Africa that live like very much
like you know the women give birth in the in the in the surf they squat and the baby
comes out like a little wine cork and a little poop and they kind of they kind of bobbed to
the surface the iron isles I don't know if it's the iron isles or not like I haven't
I haven't I haven't spent a long time since I looked at the maps but the but it could
also be what I mean and this is cartoonish of me to suggest because I don't really don't
know anything I'm obviously I'm talking about but could it could it also have been an ice
age like is that cartoonish thinking well maybe we had a semi-aquatic phase during the time
when the the primates in general are the are the reason that they're all going extinct
is because there we are the result of a particularly like lush equatorial like super rich kind
of like a tropical biome you know that like could afford to sustain a great ape which is
an ape that can't even fucking climb trees anymore basically like like doesn't have a
tail anymore and and is a big giant just almost waste of time except for yours truly hello
old so-and-so so that's why I don't like giraffes you know because I just feel like
they're glorified like there's nothing in the who's out there the thing horrifying giraffes
who's who's a big deal about giraffes Africa leans on them pretty hard if you like commercial
for Africa I think of elephants personally but I was in a in a hot tub at the Disney
World's Africa what church what's that resort called with the the African resort in Florida
animal kingdom so we just like drank every a beer in every country in Epcot it's called
drinking the world I made it through then we went back to the crib no we saw like Cirque
de Soleil everyone fell asleep I made it through somehow I went back and took a like a like
a Vicodin or a Percocet or something like that and sat in a jacuzzi and I was so drunk
and I took this painkiller and I felt like I was floating above the jacuzzi and a fucking
giraffe walked by like right next to the fence where I was and there was a big ass giraffe
walked by and just gave me a look in the look even if I weren't drunk and on a painkiller
the look was like you fucking drunk bro fucking gave me a very like a very professional like
fatherly kind of like wow then he peed in my mouth and I started fucking him do you
mean fucking him and I mean I was fucking here's the thing about fucking a giraffe
you really gotta get up there you need a lot of I think that giraffe because he's a his
DNA is old and African I think he was looking he was going by and looking at a monkey in
some water and going like when are you guys gonna pick a lane pick away I thought I thought
the giraffe was seeing you be in a in a body of water like swimming or something but you
know like I can't as you know that they they choose not to swim right no they choose not
to speak they can't swim well they've no one's ever seen what no one's ever seen hard to
believe we've electrocuted an elephant for fun I will I will donate right drop my thing
I'm looking where's my camera $50,000 for footage of a giraffe swimming oh no huh I don't care
if you can be breaststroke and I want to see a fucking giraffe breaststroke breaststroke
I just just making it from one from point A to point B and just completely swimming along
well you know there's that what is that like British show like called the sex box where
there's a big box and the people go and have sex in the box on stage completely in private
maybe if we set something like that up then a giraffe would maybe feel more comfortable
swimming because no one would actually be seeing it swim I think you're asked probably
do swim they're just embarrassed about it clearly also I think probably when no one's
listening they're fucking chatting up a storm I will be great what do you think a giraffe
sounds like like a like a like a high pitched cow well just do can't you just that's I would
pick that as a giraffe sound yes that's a good one what do you do you give us a giraffe
did that get picked up at all it might be one of those I put my hand over the mic it
might be guttural and a camel like it's camels yeah I think it camels okay so we're talking
about a tenor camel like a camera is like a camel is like a there's footage of giraffe
baritone right giraffe spit at people that's camels well camels do that but that's what
I'm saying like maybe they're oh just their last name or their Roman name is that they
looked like it has something to do with camels because they the Romans or whoever was spotted
them was said this is a like a weird camel that makes sense yeah weird camel weird everything's
a weird camel yeah you can't you can't just add weird to that's like a are giraffes drama
dairies or no I was gonna say I think they are but are they part of the drama dairy family
or no drama dairy that's a I don't know I don't know the word that word didn't you just
Google is a couple nights ago Tom Rob I call you Tom I don't want your Tom all of a sudden
the Roman taxonomical chart is just all it's just a chicken at the top and then everything
that tastes like chicken which is everything just down in different weird camel tastes
like chicken I just thought that was like that whatever I didn't can I I didn't kind
of that's very well you know the Romans would bring on the triumphs when they would conquer
like cities in Africa or and you know like the the Middle East and stuff and they'd bring
back these animals and they'd walk them they bring an elephant back to Rome everybody lose
their fucking mind and it's like what the world's full of aliens and then they just
attack it with swords yeah I'm no I don't think it's funny animal cruelty I just think
it's funny how dumb we are is like that that that you I don't know it's just like little
kids understand that giraffes aren't shouldn't be fought with swords but Romans didn't like
know that yet you know like they just they just took giraffes and put them in the Coliseum
and then had like a slave attack it with a stick you know her badass and nobody fucks
with as an adult zebra zebras will fucking get you they'll fuck it they're just made
of muscle their horses like with muscles horses are scary like I don't know I think we take
horses for granted because they're common animals you know but when you see a horse it's
like that's a fucking monster like if this thing had scales I would be running but you
notice that we've never domesticated zebras because you can't because they won't be fucking
domesticated you cannot you've never seen anybody riding a zebra because zebra will
eat you they have a lot of them in Tijuana what it's they have a you know Tijuana Tijuana
they yeah they have like that's donkeys I know they spray paint them I'm just I was
doing a bit what the donkey show spray paint the donkeys to be like out on the street corner
what do they call them donkeys for some reason and I don't know why for some other reason
they love Tweety Bird but but like I they just every street corner it's just it's like
a thing that they you spray you paint the donkey with stripes and then you like you charge
people to take a picture standing with the donkey that's fucked up but a zebra will kick
your ass a zebra will beat up a horse I want to see zebra versus giraffe I wonder how much
flexibility is in that marketplace like if I'm a Tijuana businessman and I have a donkey
like like are they being like just unimaginative or is this like a steel trap of a market where
like if you like one guy tries to put antlers and then it's just like fucking boo no like
his family starves it's just like fuck you you idiot like like they have reality shows
down there like called the Zonkey rescue where a guy comes in and goes like so what are you
doing here well I just thought I'd put antlers on my donkey is like let me let me ask you
something you see where are you standing right now Tijuana look look around what do you see
human shit and prostitutes what else Zonkeys well so what what so you thought that you
just try to just like be Dr. Moro about that market yeah well like the animal act I thought
I'd try something different well you just tried losing all your money all right next
chaching like whatever their sting is and then it goes to commercial what if somebody
brought an actual zebra down to Tijuana like would that fuck up the marketplace or the
holy shit that's like a Nathan for you yeah let's pitch it just bring a real zebra down
to Tijuana I think I think that zebra gets killed immediately like no this is like like
I I didn't spend all this money on donkey spray paint for you to bring in a free spray painted
Zonkey by the way the zebra can protect itself Tijuana maybe the cleanest city if you're in
Tijuana you listen to the podcast I'm very sorry I I'm talking about the what 20 years
ago when you took a train down to Tijuana and whatever neighborhood we love your Bibles
who invited sir hi Zonkey get off your hi Zonkey I don't know if that's like if there's
like a if Tijuana is like a giant city and there's like a huge like awesome clean part
of it or just a struggling but integral part that then people are like so bummed out because
Americans always refer to Tijuana as like a shit hole so these are like the Times Square
Alamos of of Mexico right they're the cosplayers great you know what else is in Tijuana we
lost we lost damn we lost you lost I I mean but but I know I'm not but it's the job isn't
to keep me like I'm not a fucking I'm no Optimus Prime like I'm not gonna lead you guys to
victory for Cybertron like I'm just fucking wandering around up here like an idiot you
guys hear about these bees knees yeah they're big all the rage in the 20s cat's pajamas
what a what would be what would be like a 2017 knee you know okay like the bees knees
of 2017 you mean like what what what creature in the animal kingdom's knees are more fashionable
today right because they're I don't think I think the bees knees are kind of lame these
days yeah I mean we like our bees these days I think but but but but look let's pick another
one I said the elephants knees cuz don't elephants have four knees aren't they the only mammal
that has four forward bending knees man that dude I went to this party last night that shit
was the elephants knees that works it might accidentally encourage poachers yeah yeah man
that shit that shit was the flamingos knees I'm sorry you guys we don't this is a bad
this was bad if it was well yeah it I have a good phrase for something that goes badly
the flamingos knees what about Mrs. C's knees hardly hardly what anyone's paying attention
to it just is if her knees are visible so is the tip of her her bat her giant salami
like clitoris dangles that's a long slumming Mrs. C's knees I'll take it should we play
some prolonged D&D what do you think is it still prolonged and we've been like I really
lose track of time up here time has been moving very slowly I want to assure you subscribers
that I'm never it's a moving target I you know if we do the show 52 weeks a year as
we have been like sometimes it's just gonna be and look here's the thing who we're gonna
take your business Harrison Keeler oh too late looks like the throne is empty sounds
like someone's the king of boring broadcasts maybe I'll do a film the war parody for six
hours until you find a rubop until the news drops that Spencer's been forcing potted
plants to watch him jerk off for five years that's still legal right is that out of fact
certainly legal right I just don't know how that affects our business model our podcast
I would like to say is well I don't want to jinx it but we are we are we are we are proofed
against future allegations because I have spent 40 years just terrified of women I may
have treated them poorly I certainly like thought of them in my head wrongly but I I
mean no way if I have thought about having a button installed on my desk that would lock
my door to keep people out while I jerk off thinking about a mannequin I am I will not
hurt anyone you will not find out I've hurt anyone I am just scared Jeff to cocky he would
never I mean I just like to get along with people yeah Spencer this seems like tempting
fate right let's let's really tap that business well I was gonna do comedy comes with three
things I was gonna say something like Spencer never leaves evidence yeah no I'm also terrified
of what Spencer no loose ends that's what we call it old 50 gallon drum crittenden when
I think of things I did wrong I remember like in seventh grade there was like a hair on the
back of this girls shirt and I wanted to take it off but you know like I didn't do it I I
touched her back instead and then I was like oh man I've done awful things like that I look
back on I just to clear the air what do we just say because I'm undoing the joke I'm
sad like when I was like 19 years old I went on a date with a girl and I remember like
I pulled her back into the car for like like like she clearly didn't want to like a mart
like a 10 and like I mean I just I feel horrified even say the thing is like I don't like I'm
like saying those words out loud it's like oh Jesus you pull like like what you did what
but I never said the words out loud it's like but it's a thing that I did like I I didn't
like it was just like I I it wasn't like hateful but it was like I grabbed I grabbed and I
clinged and I was like I was like come on don't go you know like like she decided the date
was over you know yeah so there's one like if we go back that far and you know if they
they find out also you've been fucking everyone's mama for as long as this podcast has been
going on I mean you've been pretty candid about that what else have I done I think you
fuck someone's mama on the lawn that was MC John I think of it I think if you get into
the ex girlfriends like I just think or at a definitely web bookmarks like I'm just in
big trouble are you are you complicit in victimization because otherwise I think you're in the clear
no but I think but when you hear about like inappropriate behavior that means like the
surf is getting close to my cabana right because I don't know what inappropriate behavior
is I did that you just see that in the headline I if that I I always I keep telling myself
well that I hope that means touching and like forcing and like things that have like a clear
line around them because if it starts to become like well that joke wasn't very funny but
he kept then he doubled down on it and he kept telling that joke you know like like
stuff that's like a legitimate grievance like I don't know there's probably people out
there with stories you know that Al Franken thing it's kind of weird I was arguing with
someone on Twitter about this and I think they turned out to be right but they were
mad because people were kind of lumping the two allegations together the groping allegation
and the kissing allegation and Al Franken is kind of denied the severity although he apologized
about the groping thing because it was like this was a staged photo or whatever but then
he kind of just said as for the kiss I don't remember that but that's arguably a more egregious
offense because it includes potentially forcing his tongue down into her mouth which is like
that's it's pretty gross and the person was saying that lumping them together means that
wouldn't get taken separately and then people would focus on the groping which is easier
to dismiss and so you're kind of you know you know dealing with that way but we really
kind of don't talk about that part of it which is to me a lot more aggressive I know but
every time we start talking about it we're it's if we if we're saying anything other
than look I did something I I'm thinking differently whatever like it's like like we can only have
these conversations about like what anything that mitigates the idea of of a of a of a
claim is like kind of that's a hot stove for who knows how long I don't know how long that
stove will stay just like bright red hot I'm not I'm not touching it I did it was good
I just think that I've thought the same thoughts though it's a bummer because well one one thing
is hearsay and one thing is like a but I and I talked about that last week where it was
like that the the weird thing about it is that I felt I I could put my I found myself
becoming like a weird liberal version of a Roy Moore supporter almost like it's it's
like a microcosm thing because it was like as soon as I started freaking out about net
neutrality and thinking that there was a political reason for any of this then I immediately
started going like well what if this woman's just lying you know right and the and the
and the phrase what if this woman's just lying has to be a I think of well well my rule to
my game I'm playing is that's not a that's not a conch that's available that's behind
glass for about five years but you don't have to be all clear like you know you're not advertising
that though you're just explaining your thought process if thoughts enter your head that's
just kind of you can't stop that it's how you deal with those thoughts and yeah and I don't
think you've been like that's why I would put a button on my desk I locked my door can't
control thoughts I just think like that but just to be clear again it's to keep people
out not to keep people in when I went to University Southern California like I had I stayed in
the dorm where a lot of film student kids were and mostly guys that that I met anyway
if those guys a lot of whom were rich kids that are going to go on to have like lots
of access and lots of power in the film community if they ever were going to be the Harvey Weinstein
he kind of gropey rapey asshole gross guy I think there's a huge part of like men going
into positions of power with government or film and like I can control what women do
like I can make that I have you tell them to do things yeah I can make them do things
that they might not want to do because I'm in a position to affect their lives and careers
I don't care how many people have to fucking go down with the ship of like all these allegations
right now I would like to think that if you're in a film school right now and you're a young
man going through film school and thinking of being a producer or a director you watch
your fucking step now because if you do anything that's cause for fucking retirement instantly
if you haven't thought about it and that's maybe one of the reasons that you haven't
thought about is the reason why you want to rap or make movies or ride a unicycle or
I think that like for guys it can be a super unspoken super unchallenged thing like yeah
yeah well society signals that that's what we should be doing too it's it's it's something
that we've been allowed to not think about for like 60,000 years there's been no sort
of damocles over your head like you were allowed to do it and the worst case scenario that
you had a reputation but I mean the media has said the signal that you're a bad you're
a downtrodden protagonist because you don't have a job and you don't have a girl and then
you go through a journey and you get a job and that gets you a girl and that's succeeding
at life that's what we tell people they should do you should get a job because a job will
get you a girl and that's you know and there's no agency in that but I think that that's
the signal we've been saying through storytelling for years and years and you know we're only
just starting to realize those are the signals we've been sending and that's not necessarily
what we should be doing although that's still mainly the story underlying a lot of stories
is they they go and do some tasks that then gives them professional acumen and a woman
yeah go ahead no we were talking about that the other day too like that's the 80s movie
thing where you're supposed to root for the underdog who's still a white man but he is
like the beta male and his enemy he's the default he's the base of like the lowest you
can be as a nerd in a school and even if you're white and straight and affluent like you deserve
whatever you're able to get so if you're able to beat the jock then the the getting the
girl is your prize and you've earned it like you're saying the same yeah even in the most
woke 80s culture it was it's like the alpha males Aryan girlfriend who's classically beautiful
that the nerd protagonist wants the whole movie is then the third act as he realizes
that he should have the woman that he had the whole time his best friend who's got maybe
shorter darker hair and but it's all it's like the unspoken thing because you watch
a movie like that you're 10 years old that's the 80s and you go this movie has a pretty
good value system like it taught me not to go for this judge a book by its cover because
why you know this Daphne oh you can fall for these things and like oh but it's boof that
I want I she's my best buddy it that's a that's the that's Teen Wolf the original movie once
you wrote that movie saying like like heroes journeywise like once you become fully self-actualized
that's when you get to have a girl when in real life exactly it's a reward coming a real
person that's exactly the point you know that having a girl in your life who makes you
smarter it's a reward you forget about the way Miller we all we've always known that
Budweiser was lying to us by telling us that if we drank Budweiser we get laid like we've
we've all been smart enough to know that we've made fun of that if we are over over a certain
tax bracket or IQ but the thing that I think the smartest of us like don't got away with
not thinking about is that idea that that that part of of fulfillment in general spiritual
fulfillment even is acquisition of a female yeah is like a coupling up and it's yeah whatever
okay we've we've we've we did a good job thing in every mythology it's coming back from like
there's the oneness and then you know in the you know Adam and Eve story it's like man makes
God makes man androgynous and then they split apart and then the whole journey is like they're
they're half of each other and then they have to come back and realize like you know the
and then like the father and the I'm I'm mixing things but like the father and the mother the
same thing it's all the oneness that's like when you become fully self actualized and
this like the fulfillment of the self is realizing the male and female in those heteronormative
terms are two parts of the one yeah and there's a syndrome there because I don't know why I'm
bothering to even look out at a landscape of shit as if I didn't write a pilot where
Joel McHale plays a guy who the the thing that is driving was he's trying to fuck Britta
so he's doing everything that all of my sexual role models did in the movies that I grew
up on that that that socialized me which is he's lying to a woman to try to trick her
into fucking him because if he does that he'll he'll be happier he's and it's romantic because
he oh look how befuddled and what a what a crazy tangled web he's weaving oh you men
you're so you're willing to do so much just to get that sweet pussy it's like it's like
we look I looked at it as like like oh well this is what drives us all it's like wanting
a hamburger so I'm worried about writing a sitcom what's motivating this protagonist
so I did the same thing in the 21st century that I grow grown up on which is just like
and and if you ultimately you ultimately make it clear that the that the superior male role
model male role model is obit like over Jeff who doesn't have those same like as the two
parts of that male part not that you know obit is specific maybe throughout the lifetime
of the show but the first six episodes of that show are basically like the same old
John Hughes slash Kevin Smith slash whatever it's just it's just you're you're a man you
you want to get that woman that's but part of that that I think that that's like guys
like me they're just like well I want to write a TV show I want to write a movie I wanted
to I need to I need to motivate this character it's like oh well let's put a bone in front
of the dog so it goes around the whole circle and and like it you when you know not realizing
that you're you're fundamentally like you're not even like you're going to work out with
a box around you that you didn't even know you had around you like and then you're and
then you think you're making these decisions but you're like inside this box anyways I'm
glad this topic is unavoidable I'm glad that we've we've talked about it consistently for
the last fucking whatever I hope we talk about it for another year and if if you hate every
time it comes up then you're a rapist and I hope we keep talking about it as a group
of white men yeah I hope I hope I hope I hope I hope I hope I hope I hope every time we
do it I'm serious I hope someone ends the conversation with with that punch line no
I'm serious oh I thought you were I I want I'm gonna have it if we start talking about
this if there's a not white guy on stage I'm gonna shut it down all right because what
more can we add to the perspective I've been sweet sweetie we're trying to do a show yeah
I've been doodling over here I drew a kind of a bad giraffe I drew I think like like
some sort of prince with a turban on his head all right how much D&D time do we have
left we got most of it all right so it let's let's thank Rob Tanchum for his his lyrical
madness Rob Tanchum giraffe facts given giraffe facts people don't know the giraffe swear
giraffe slacks I think I'm conflicted about the do we have to have a no applause rule
because when nine people applaud it just sounds like then then everyone hears the nine people
I don't think it's gonna hit the microphones either way I think if you hear all right in
the background I'm gonna listen to it again yeah I know you don't want to you don't want
to like walk around with a baseball bat and go okay guys there was a lot of laughter and
applause last time do we have Levy here yeah let's bring him is Levy here Steve Levy bring
it more white dudes on the stage is white guy time again but at least I'm like somewhat
of a man I'm on a minority right yeah you're the Jewish Paul Newman Paul Newman was Jewish
I thought we established we are now we are now officially as the White House now that
you are still the Jewish Paul Newman I'll take it just because he's also Jewish doesn't
make him more Jewish than you okay I'm just trying to diminish your sexiness and in any
way I can I don't know why that's the way to do it I mean Paul Newman's a great looking
guy I'm trying to kind of soft like like lob you a compliment and well wasn't Paul Newman
when he was young wasn't he kind of like was he blonde he's always bro he was always kind
of well we were all you mean like as a toddler until I was like seven maybe me too I was
dropped I was strawberry blonde that's the thing I had reddish blonde hair they say that's
one of the things and by they I mean I think the person who wrote the intro to Playboys
blondes brunettes and redheads 1989 that they we associate blonde hair with with youth and
by youth I guess they meant babies my beard grows in red sometimes and my mustache is
blonde that's cool it's crazy right there's only one thing that makes me sad about watching
my body you're like you're like Paul Newman spamoni I miss my beard you think one day your
beard's already back no I missed the red I missed I find with a gray beard but it's
like big deal gray beard Dumbledore like I my beard was it was it was fun when it was
before it went gray I don't care if I go bald I mean I am going bald okay you know I care
my eyes are melting okay you know I don't care your eyes are melting well you know I
got I got I got two pairs of glasses I got one so I can see a little bit of the airport
I got another one so I can see my phone you know look kids here's what happens you get
you get you get you get placed into a little baby body and then you you it just you know
it's up it's it's the cells are dividing for 18 years and then they just stop and then
you're just like a tree and the fall is 60 years long Jeff do you think don't have a
degree in this but I'm pretty sure that's how it is you think one day I'll have a super
successful food business I think you're gonna really succeed in salad dressings and spaghetti
sauces cool that's exactly what I was looking for Paul Newman passed away didn't he no yeah
he did unfortunately yeah well Paul Newman died pretty sure it was a while ago just now
okay no like years ago well he's I mean seven years ago nope nine I thought I was 2000 only
the Sundance kid remains so now you're not the Jewish Paul Newman you're just the live
Paul Newman you're the alive doesn't make you any less Jewish moving Paul Newman moving
yeah like motion and animate animate yeah you're not wrong all right so Spencer how's
everyone feeling good just got a nice haircut going yeah you know yeah I got a little haircut
Dan you lost your beard starting to come back Spencer you just become more and more an exciting
cast member of the bus and truck company of hair every moment my hair has been kind of
loose in the ponytail lately do you ever trim off the the end so it can grow longer do you
or just let it do its own thing no I just it's it's all too much work are you at your
ideal hair length or do you know I don't know I think my hair is at a leg where it starts
to become split ends and kind of disintegrates on its own yeah it's not really hair will
stop on its own well if you cut off the split ends it'll keep growing you can make a girl
quite long all right I might sometimes I think about what Spencer would look like if he did
like the boy band spiked hair you know I'd look like Joey Fatone because he's got so
much how high would it go like like spike it up and I was like Paul from Tekken frosty
tips hmm I put this challenge out there to Harmontown fan art people let's see what
we could make Spencer look like with some long long Spencer hair length frosty tips like
Gerald from a Arnold oh damn or yahoo serious if I can invoke the name of yahoo serious is
he alive he must have died looking it up he and Paul Newman both dead in the only way
that matters we have to ask he seems to be alive no he can't be yahoo you got one job
as an entertainer kid keep making him not have to ask if you're dead I think I think
I think that maybe I'm guessing yahoo serious was a victim of like some shit he wasn't
ready for like I think I think I think some dudes from William Morris like went down to
an open mic you call that a contract this is a contract and he was like well if you
really think so and they're like oh we think so and then like he was probably 11 years
old Spudgeon McKenzie made more money in one year than I've ever made in my life it was
there was a time when Australian things were really fucking hot oh wait Spudgeon McKenzie
was Australian wasn't he what I'm thinking Jaco Spudgeon McKenzie was an English Bulldog
I take that back remember Jaco the battery guy yeah we remember Jaco all right Spencer
do you want to fucking take us back I forget what happened last time I know I know I mean
I remember but I don't totally remember that's not what you just said he forgot yeah refresh
refresh our mutual memory last time on Harmontown our heroes were on the quest for Patchen's
gym going along with Patchen's to the nearby town of Doornester they encountered Geffen
that guy that they'd met a couple times at this point Geffen was headed to Doornester
as well because he suspected the church was on weed then you guys went to the town you
saw some crazy things in the form of zombies and skeletons they seemed bummed out in a
graveyard because music was playing from a harp diarrhea junior tried to inspect the
harp music but it vanished in a flash of ruby light and then the zombies attacked like they
were mindless zombies they were dispatched in short order as morning broke it was time
to enter Doornester and they met the guards at the front gate applying various methods
they got in the front gate and then they decided that they'd split up but met up and decided
that they wouldn't split up or maybe would that's where they are now follow them today
what will they do how will they succeed Patchen's gym now perfectly timed to the camera see
that I was like pinching my nipple because I definitely was that whole time I was reading
and assuming I was on camera it would be was your left hand you were pinching your right
nipple yeah like this is that a thing you do I guess it seems to be right now it seems
normal did I ever tell you guys on this podcast that I my doctor was giving me a testicular
exam and my hand drifted up to my nipple like like like just instinctively like because
I was like because there was shit going on with my crotch and I think it was like he's
like all right I'll just check it out like and he's and I think it was probably something
like I went like it was just like amazing to me that I would like like that must be
some sort of like like youthful comfort mechanism yeah that's what I think it is I think it's
just some weird yeah or a middle-aged comfort mechanism I don't know when I when I went
nipples became so important to my bedroom life right they did that that round was bended
like I for sure it's like because like nothing goes on in Harmontown without a nipple being
involved I saw this like therapist or something she was like a weird lady because she like
had this mailer that's like don't use any scented shampoo or wear any cologne before
you come in the office and stuff like which is just a weird thing for like an anxiety
doctor or something because it's like anxiety inducing but we were sitting in the office
and I had my hands in my lap and then she was like do you always cover your genitals
with your hands it's like I just where do I put my hands and then I tried a bunch of
different things like to this side to this side to both sides like it's like people put
their hands in their lap I was doing I was picking different places to put my hands
so fast that my knees just started moving on their own I got a pet peeve about that shit
the smells that stuff no the therapeutic technique of asking you stupid questions of just going
like did you notice when I asked you that question your voice got a little quieter or you know
look at your body language right now or like one time one time Cody and I were in couples
therapy and Cody wanted to put a pillow the therapist stepped out of the room and Cody
put a pillow between us and then the therapist said she came back in just like see right
away I think it's really important that to notice that Cody's created a barrier between
the two of you Cody told me later she was farting and she didn't want to she was she
was worried about farting and like it getting it was like it's like the I just I just like
and then when we told the therapist that a week later because I was like you have to
tell her that right you were creating a barrier you were protecting me from your farts that's
adorable and intimate and and then when we told her that she of course she had to double
down and go like well do you think me she basically said do you think the reason you
were farting so much is because you needed a it is like all right a lot of this stuff
is like cold reading stuff it's like let's try to make sense of our occupation here's
the thing I'm a fucking like you know the reason I'm going like this and going like
this isn't always because I'm like being resistant to you or like yeah it's like I don't
know this is who I am you know like I could be like fucking like really open to you and
like really I don't know like yeah I talked to people all the time and like they die like
young writers ago like because they take like these seminars and stuff and part of it is
like the now the people tell them like well when you pitch like like you should sit straight
up and here's what you wear and all this stuff I'm like no go in like a Schrab you think they're
looking for Schrabs all right yeah I always analyze people's body posture and then go
this is stupid like so is that your first notice Spencer that you were touching nipples
during your your no that was just my hands in my lap it was like and then I do that all
the time and then every time I do it I think about it I mean the nipples just now during
your your opening read no I I've probably done that while I was driving it's not like
a sexual thing but it's just like yeah I guess something that happened I'm not gonna deny
that it feels good it does like that I mean it doesn't feel as good as I always expect
it to which is maybe why I keep trying my nipples are too sensitive I'm not a nipple
guy yeah that's what I'm saying oh no too sensitive well then well then you know work
on welcome to the party man so you pinch your nipple no I don't pinch it's not like you
rub you rub a little stocking foot on your nipple no I don't wear a stocking no you rub
a mannequin like I was like how would that fit like I I don't look I like there's nipple
play if you go to bed with me now I don't know when it started I don't know if it was
a gradual thing I don't know but I know it's full on now now it's just it's man is it almost
a mandatory it's not mandatory it's just like if you love me you're gonna learn can there
be a sexual encounter with you or does no nipple play no is that is that a lost Dan
does not go for that I just I yeah I'll do anything if I'm in love with you what I don't
you can poop on me I don't if you need me to not touch my what are my you want to not
touch a wrap all right anyways I'm just saying pretty funny a guy giving me a trying to see
if I have cancer and I fucking at it because a hand went towards my groin I have my other
hand like shot up to my nipple okay so we're all we're all through the front gate of Dornister
right yeah you're kind of let's say you're you're kind of in the shadow of this gate
the the guards seem pretty sleepy and they went back to sleep and they're currently asleep
all right so Carlos I know the plan was that we were gonna come in separately yeah it was
a whole thing it's it but you know here we are let's let's just move ahead but we can
now we can still do what we wanted to do which is the guards don't give a shit they're sleepy
this is this is my thought I think I want to over explain it it's just that like we're
in this town we don't really know what we're looking for and more importantly we're we
know there's something afoot in this town we like we need information and we need to
like I feel like it's a disadvantage for us to be perceived as a group let alone a group
of church officials why don't we why don't we right now split up and take like different
parts of the town different like like maybe I'll go into the tavern or you go into the
thing like we'll all pick a like well Spencer what buildings do we see in front of us the
two seconds like my pitch is well he looks yeah my pitch is it's gonna be harder for
me to pretend I'm not a cleric you know I'm I it's you should go go go frequent the taverns
or whatever I think I'll go to the local church and just to be clear unless you guys get disguises
you might have plain clothes with you but you're generally adorned in kind of church
church oriented garments so unless you do something about that you will register as some church
people of some sort we should go shopping what a girl wants what a girl needs Spencer what
time is it when it's like hell yeah it's early morning no it's not early morning it's like
maybe 10 10 a.m. at this point so shops are open shops shops would be open let's let's go
into the clothing store let's pretend we don't know each other well you guys yeah cuz I don't
I'm gonna go I'm gonna go check out the church is there a church of the silver flame there
sure is I'll go there you guys go shopping and then and then split up we don't need to
split up we're not wearing church clothes you currently are then you're gonna go shopping
together yeah then you're gonna split up like Cisco and Ebert at the end of at the movies
like people are gonna know are there any vendors like selling garments like out in the town
like or do I have to go into like a dedicated clothing shop there yeah there's like an open
ear market that has some smaller shops and mostly stores so yeah so I go wandering around
looking for a clothing vendor to maybe find something to like disguise myself as maybe
just a regular citizen all right you find what late what's labeled by a wooden sign
as the open-air black market there's a row of shops and stalls there's kind of two rows
that flank this it's wider than a street but it's it's kind of like a street all the stalls
that are open are are kind of guarded by a couple shopkeepers that are keeping all their
wares like hidden under cloths and sheets and stuff so it's all like secret kind of secret
wares most of these places are closed and shuttered it's very striking you might you
wonder if there's like a recession or something a couple gold pieces out in my hand and I just
kind of I'm kind of tossing them up and down like playing it cool but like clearly somebody
that's got some money to spend like whistling a little you know a little tune all right um you see you see a familiar
colorful like nice looking stall not a stall it's like a cart it's a cart for the fabricators
guild and there's a colorfully dressed fabricator who's like he looks I don't know let's say
he looks kind of like an Apple employee and he like he type A's over to you and is like
hey there good sir check out my fabrication wares is he a gnome yeah he's a gnome
I go what's up gnome we do gnome we do gnome handshake he does it and he's like whoa it's
like you know he's real good I say hey man you know what all I've got is these bullshit
rags on me Jack I want to I want to just like get get a new outfit check out these duds
my brother aren't they slick and slimy yes super slick and slimy this slimy protects you
against grease for real yeah but it's slime this is a downside okay well let's let's what
else you got there's normal there's normal clothes too we got all sorts of stuff I can
whip you up some clothes right now do you have any fabricator do you have anything kind of
magical I can't make like cool magical stuff I'm like a hedge mage kind of fabricator hedge
mage hedge mage yeah I said yeah just just what all I want is some just regular blend
into the crowd just regular street gear alright he's like yeah man you need some some bright
clothes around here it keeps a pep in your step my brother I'm a druid I'm sorry I know
I'm druid yeah you are yeah I like brightly colored stuff so give me the give me the flashiest
shit you got he gives you like a cloth clothing that looks like a clown clothes or like gesture
clothes they're very loud and garish do I like it what I mean I'd say it's fashionable
but it is certainly like loud and intentionally but like audacious I buy those clown clothes
all right they're a matter of copper copper if you should have enough money to cover it
without really yeah I do decrementing your money I truly don't know well it should be
in there so let's let's do Dan um Dan yeah I guess I'm one I'm kind of looking I'm assuming
that if this is a town worth its salt that the church of the silver flame will have a
will have a keep or something that can be seen in the skyline yeah it's one of the it's the
largest building in town but not by much it's still a pretty small a tiny church it's it's
kind of there's only like a sanctuary and a couple a couple other like side rooms it's
a pretty small footprint of a building it also doesn't have that you can see like a silver
flame on display like a big brazier it just has a bell tower like a small tiny church
well I I approach it all right the you see you see Geffen's horse you see Geffen's horse
what do you call it tied up out outside of the church and inside you hear him yelling
at people I eavesdrop for a moment if I can make out what he's yelling he sounds like
a drill sergeant like he's he's barking out orders and you can just hear the sounds of
footfalls and people moving so he's saying like good move move it yeah you lousy lots
you worthless louts do laps and run and keep it up and you you're going slow and don't
go slow you're supposed to be going fast now I'm in charge like that well I I move into
the building I mean I'm not trying to be stealthy all right yeah you open the doors and you
see everyone's just running laps around the outside perimeter or the inside perimeter
of the building and Geffen saying yeah work work it work it just get and see me yeah he's
like hey what's up hey so I just wanted to let you know I'm gonna try to do kind of a
low-key thing are you telling me or him I'm telling Geffen okay like if anybody asks you
about me don't tell him anything that I've told you about our previous missions like
what happened back at what's it called Rowan Rowan or the city or the church the place
that we just were yeah what was the town with Peerburn Abbey the yeah that that town was
that Rowan no that you started in Rowan and then you went to the home office which was
Peerburn Abbey which is the place that we were at where the shit hit the fan yeah Rowan
right don't don't don't tell anybody how you know me like and my compatriots because I'm
just I'm not I'm not I'm not like totally undercover like I'm not a badass or anything
but I I just I'm trying to dig up leads in this town and I I don't want people to associate
me with my friends you got it stranger thanks Jeff and Geffen is he's a bishop in the church
you you don't know what he is actually he's a he's in the church militant which means
he's not necessarily a leadership like like a priest or anything he's more like you like
a kind of hired gun mercenary that's a good question anyway I'll ask Geffen that like
who's is that who's the how high up does this local chapter go is there a fryer in charge
of everything or no there was a priest but he actually left to go attend to matters at
the church of Rowan when they had a leadership crisis so in their absence peach has been
leading leading the pack but as you can see she hasn't been running a very tight ship so
I'm whipping them into shape what get them off their weed what's peach is she just a
pilgrim or something beaches she's what is she let's see sorry everybody she's an initiate
which is the the step you go before you become a what was a pastor which is below a priest
it's like she's she's working up some in the seminary ranks or whatever you know is she
does she have an office here yeah yeah she there's the what do you call there's the pastor's
office and then just the office office and then the sanctuary and then the dining hall
which is just a tiny little kitchen well maybe I'll go have a chat with her well she'll have
to finish running laps because she's also has to be whipped into fit shape who the points
are out okay well all right well now I'm thinking of my head like I'm not gonna get any information
in this place all right back to back to the street all right you got clothes I'm wearing
my new flashy clown dust yeah got a new outfit on I'll tell you what I got a new peppermint
step I want that I walk over to Chad all right and I talked to the to the to the the sales
guy goes hey man you want some new clothes they'll put a pep in your step hey dude yeah
man make me look flies fuck he he looks through his clothes and he doesn't find any in your
size so he draws a bunch of stuff on the floor and chalk and magical powders and he pours
some stuff out and then does a magic and it makes him close on the floor and he's like
here you go what whoa what smoke what does it look like it looks it looks kind of like
Jeff's but like way shittier well like Chad like oh yeah sorry Chad but like I get XP
for that yeah you get you get double XP this session it looks like like a like a rough draft
version of his clothes you know oh man tried yeah I don't I'm not used to making them in
your size you gotta do me better than that I'll give them to you for free how about by
the way special I two gold pieces all on me so that copper cover that's covered with the
coppers right yeah let's say you just have some loose change it's gonna be it's gonna
be I'll I'll say 10 copper because these are some cheap clothes alright so we're dressed
up now me and diarrhea unless he doesn't want to wear the clothes I'll put them on they put
a pep in your step thanks for trying I did yeah I did it you did it I didn't do a great
job but I did it hey what's your name sir that runs the the clothing haberdashery here
Jeff your name's Jeff yeah nice oh that's why you said that earlier right we're looking
for a fellow named Patchens any any any worried about Patchens I don't know anyone named Patchens
yeah what about what about secret gems what are you talking about I just shooting the
breeze man all right fucking with it hey we're gonna guy you know about those gems I don't
know what you're talking about do you mean like rubies come on we're talking about gems
you gotta rubies or gems you gotta know what I'm talking about yeah you get double experience
hell yeah yeah no but no I don't I mean are you rubies are just a thing that exists like
diamonds is that I mean gems are yeah gems what about them are there some are there some
folks in town who specialize in diamonds gems rubies we got some gold pieces to spend and
we want to bling out man no this is like a poor shit place man it's a poor shit place
yeah this place sucks we don't have like we're not rich enough to sell gems oh I mean I heard
this town has a reputation you know that's not my problem my friend all right well you
seem like a good dude so oh yeah these clothes my man you're an honest you're an honest guy
making your your living so at my at my early whenever it's possible I want to talk to this
peaches all right they finish their their laps and then everyone's kind of just passed
out not passed out but they're like laid out in the pews and stuff kind of catching their
breath are you peaches I'm peach yeah hi I'm Carlos the unimaginative from the I'm from
I'm from central office you know from flame keep oh yeah we're not on weed no I look that's
none of my business this is actually a separate matter is there a place we could talk in private
yeah okay let's come to the priest's room as you enter the priest's room it's really
small it seems like recently someone moved out at out of it and took most of the things
off the shelves when they did looks like things are kind of disarray around here yeah nearby
church blew up and we had to have our priest go over and kind of straighten out this shit
what was his name Daffron how much of an ear to the ground you have around here you you
from Dornaster yeah I've been here a while I trust this will stay in this room as church
officials you know I'm I'm from the militant and you know some of the things I do are a
little less holy than than than some of the stuff you you guys are used to it's all in
the name of the silver flame you know what I mean all right I just curious since you
know if this town are there people in this town that are available for hire if you would
need certain things procured like day players well you know collectors of other people's
stuff well I mean a lot of people here are ruffians brigands sell swords and thieves do
I do do I have the letter remember the letter that we that we had that you said it was like
in this guild speak kind of thing yeah do I have one of those you you have that message
sure it's like like is there a is there a guild chapter that uses this this this language
yeah all the dragon marked houses use this language drag drag dragon marked all the guilds
are owned by the dragon marked houses right okay yeah I haven't worked in the private
sector that much mercenary guilds fabricators guild seekers guild there's a lot of guilds
there's something like 13 or 14 I can't remember is there a is there a thieves or an assassins
guild well there's what do you call it I mean we don't have to call it anything but I said
this conversation doesn't have to leave this room but it's church business and it's important
to the silver flame right I mean not not really there's no overt coalition of thieves and and
ruffians as far as I'm aware there's no it would be a terrible thieves guild if it was
overt I'm asking you and the record will never show that I asked you let alone that you answered
as a Dornaster regular you know and somebody who it appears could use a good word from
central office yeah I mean for innocent so well yeah I mean you don't smoke pot no one
does yeah like you're misunderstood you're doing a great job running this place thank
you thank you you just need somebody to tell somebody that and what I just need to get my
job done is a contact in the thieves or assassins guild I'm thinking more assassins there's
no there's no thieves or assassins guild as far as I know there's just you know just the
theater why would you say it that way what do you mean well you made this crazy face
no I didn't that was some other person I mean are the it's your theater guild like pretty
rough around the edges it's the Dornester theater company it's the main business in
town oh really yeah there's like four industries there's farming there's baking there's milling
flour and there's theater seems weird because it doesn't seem like a real cultural epicenter
no but you know these these are free freewheeling folk not necessarily fitting in with society
they wander into Dornester yeah they travel around they wear disguises and I mean costumes
and dresses different shit and go different places yeah they love crazy clothes and tights
and stuff and you know they put on shows it's a great time you know there's not a lot of
fun out here and so so you go to the theater it's like yeah it's like what we've built
this is our city got a crazy wall you you've you've known this these theater people they've
always been around and yeah but they also like drift around like they go to other places
and not usually I mean you there's there's too many people in town to really know who's
here and who's not it's a big town yeah yep I'm outside in my new clothes that's probably
a good call and I walk around and I mean I didn't hear this conversation but let's just
say I dressed up in my new flashy theatrical clothing is it possible that I would run across
the theater guilt well come on you can't Spencer tell yeah yeah that's that's not fair right
come on yeah that's not fair right what are you even trying to do I'm just walk I'm just
walking around town checking out what's what yeah so you're still in kind of the what do
you call it the open air market sort of situation you can see like a farmer's storefront that's
normally covered in in farm goods and it just says the farmers tough and it's it's just
completely abandoned and there's like a weapons dealer who just has this rolling cart with
weapons and stuff and what else do you got oh there's a bunch of people there's a bunch
of people in weird robes doing exercise they're doing jumping jacks and someone's like someone's
like jumping jacks jumping jacks will set you free purify your body and templify your
mind I want to do jumping jacks oh you can't yeah a diarrhea let's go over and check out
this action hell yeah alright it's just like you see this this robed figure whose face you
can't see they're a short little guy but they're very animated and they're they're like just
10 more you jerks you gotta templify your bodies and minds create the God inside of
yourselves through exercise and guiding them through all sorts of high intensity aerobics
hey friendo it's been a long time since we've really hit the pavement can we can we join
you in exercise yeah templify your bodies today and let your soul be the God of the
universe how much does it cost for free oh this sweat of your brow I jump into that alright
you do it I like that leave me I know nobody up here is better at role playing than anyone
else but but it's just notable to me that leavey learned role playing from nintendo games
you're just bounding up to people and going like I'll help you collect honey would you
like a bucket it's good you gotta you gotta interact with your I'm here and I am not I'm
not punching down because my scooby-doo episode to nowhere it's not entertainment I'll add
that's as far as by flashy clothes I'm about to do jumping jacks I'm not a good leader
and I should not have led you do 30 or 40 minutes of aerobics oh yeah they want to keep
it up isn't this great Chad I am feeling so fit you unlocked the beehive wait you guys are great
now what you've just been doing jumping jacks and following the exercise routine as far as I
understand yeah they've been going they're going you're starting to get real tired and they're
they're not stopping what they're experts what fuck this I'm gonna fucking show them what I got
I'm not stopping into I'll be the last gnome out here all right do you have endurance are they
all gnomes what what race are they these aren't all gnomes these are mostly humans and some elves
oh endurance is a skill otherwise constitution are you guys like a fitness circus well tell me
about your your your your we're the church of the body temple we believe that you can become
your own god if you treat your body just enough like a temple all right yeah I have a 13 constitution
where would endurance be it's a maybe a skill or I'm thinking about it wrong it might not be a skill
and I might be thinking about it wrong well I have a 13 constitution all right
right you continue to go exercise wise I'm cheering I mean I have toughness as a help
toughness is helpful
yeah go chat you're the strongest gnome out there who you got this you make it a further 40 minutes
to the end of the session yeah you're you're you're almost at your the end of your rope
but they finally stop down and they're like oh yeah and that's that's it babies yeah hello mate
does you win anything I mean my my gnome friend's amazing right you win the sweat leave in your body
is sin leave in your body yeah I feel good cows are now available for purchase at the bar do I
gain anything for that for that other than just getting a little fit and some some calorie burn
yeah you just burn some calories all right I fucking get right into my fucking water skin and drink some
water yeah gotta hydrate for sure you gotta hydrate get those electrolytes the lead the
lead exercise instructor or whatever hands you a bunch of flyers for the church of the body
temple and it says like visit our main office in in blade Glen blade Glen yeah and then it says like
this is not this is like a side quest it's not really it doesn't look like a real like
doesn't really uh wet my uh wet my whistle uh I if you're if you're looking for an ending I could
I could find them I've been wandering around I'm not hey hey Chad it's just two minutes
after 10 o'clock I know that's what I'm saying like I I I've I've assuming I got I ended that
conversation with peaches like and if time went for them they've been exercising for an hour hey
uh Carlos well what well it's not I mean where I just I was I stopped the Spencer's DMing you
guys do what you want it's all good well I don't care do we we can't just if you walk out of wherever
you were I you I'm in the town square exercising you might you might see me there you knew he was
going to the shops if I can retroactively say I made it a point to go find these guys right
they're dressed like clowns they're doing aerobics and they're at the top square and have been for
over an hour so I'm I'm I'm titling up and I'm still because I'm a deluded bad leader who has
is trying to commit to his shitty uh I I'm like I'm like coming up next to them and uh looking
not making eye contact with them and uh spy style and counting on like hey uh blessings blessings to
you my brother uh from the church of the silver flame we're getting so fit bro that's that's good
supposed to be the fruit this is an interesting town uh one might encounter all kinds of
characters if one looks around a little bit we we ran into a guild guy he was a guild gnome
he made us clothing all right um are you thinking what what we're thinking that next time we we
we do things in this town shit's gonna get crazy and we may as well do them together yeah okay yeah
fucking get it let's hear Steve Levyme everybody it's a good episode it's a great
fucking episode probably one of the best episodes we've ever done. I got giraffe facts a lift of
giraffes once you think about that. This is here for uh zombie rescues our new episodes coming out
next week Spencer Crittenden is our game master so for church and Kevin and Chris and Sarah and
Zach and everybody here Nolan I'm your comptroller Jeff Davis and that is your mayor Dan flavored
a Harmon you know sorry the episode was about a gorge in large glitteresses this one goes out to
miss a seed. Zach you got me some plays better. Giraffe wrap I'm giving giraffe packs you well
you don't want to know the giraffes for slacks well I'll put my giraffes and packs and they'll hunt
you the wolves like giraffe packs you know giraffes they got spots but they're not spots they're more
like kind of tetrahedral shapes on their butts and they walk around but the front legs are longer
than their back and you know why because they don't give a shit about peeing in your crack
the pee in your mouth and that's how they know that you want them as if you don't want to fuck
a giraffe then you don't gotta oh hey I'm a lady giraffe get over here I'm gonna lift up my tail
and lift up my rear and pee in your mouth and see how it tastes and you know if you like how it
tastes and come back to my place I'll fuck you or you fuck me look I'm a giraffe recovered in pee
look things about giraffes they're fucking okay free or freaky I was fucked alligator and that
shit got leaky because these alligators are made out of holes yo the alligators losing control
I'm a giraffe yo I have the last laugh you want to fuck with a giraffe I'll give you a giraffe
slap I slap you with my hoof y'all get on top of the roof like Santa Claus come down the chimney
and I'll fuck you with the wolf from earlier oh it's a long long neck from here to reach the
leaf that's high long long neck yo yo yo hey check it out look I'm just a lady giraffe looking for
leaves looking for dudes who's looking for peas I looking for the tallest of trees that's why my
neck's so long check out these these are my tits yeah giraffes got titties
but that's not important to a giraffe and they're not hierarchical and my tongue is prehensile
it's a long long neck from here reaching all those leaves
gonna pee on you that's what giraffes do I'm not even gonna get into the poo
if I poo on you you know it's true true love when the giraffe starts poo
dry fast and take chances
did you get any of that it's a good show
oh